Good morning. Welcome, thanks for joining us for Facebook’s 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. I’m Dave Kling, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Facebook and Chairman of this Annual Meeting, which I now call to order. Let me run through today's agenda. First, we’ll focus on the formal business set forth in the proxy statement. Then, Mark will spend a few minutes talking about how Facebook has been doing and finally, we’ll conclude with the Q&A session.Before we begin with the formal business, I’d like to remind you to please turn off all mobile devices, and of the rules of conduct that were provided to you when you entered the meeting, including the rule prohibiting photos and recording of any kind. Thanks for your cooperation.Let me start by introducing the members of our Board of Directors who are here today; Mark Zuckerberg, Sheryl Sandberg, Erskine Bowles, Ken Chenault and Sue Desmond-Hellmann. I would also like to introduce two other people who are in attendance; Alex Bender of Ernst & Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; and Kris Veaco, who’ll act as the Inspector of Election for this meeting, and will tabulate the results of the voting. Ms. Veaco has previously executed the oath of Inspector of Election.Turning now to the formal business. I have a copy of the notice, together with the declaration as to the mailing, of the proxy statement made available to all Facebook stockholders of record as of April 6, 2018. I also have a list of stockholders entitled to vote at this meeting, which is available for inspection by any stockholder present or by any proxyholder who is representing a stockholder, and which list will be filed with records of this meeting.I am advised by the Inspector of Election that the holders of shares representing at least the majority of their voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock, voting together as a single class, are present and represented by proxy here today, and the requisite quorum to conduct business is therefore present. Accordingly, this meeting is authorized to transact the business set forth in our proxy statement.We have eight proposals to consider at this meeting, each of which is described in the proxy statement. We will discuss these proposals momentarily. First, however, I’ll remind you that today voting is by proxy and written ballot. If you have already sent in a proxy and do not intend to change your vote, there is no need for you to cast a ballot today. Your vote will be counted automatically without any further action on your part. However, any stockholder present who has not turned in a proxy or who wishes to change your vote may cast the ballot at this meeting. Does any stockholder wish to cast the ballot today? Great. If so, raise your hand and one of our volunteers will bring one to you.All right. It is currently 11:06 and the polls are now open. You may vote at anytime during our discussion of the proposals on the agenda. Once you filled out your ballot, please raise your hand in the air and our volunteers will come and collect it.I will now review the proposals to be voted on at this meeting. The first item of business is to elect our Board of Directors to serve until our next annual meeting or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. The director nominees are; Marc Andreessen, Erskine Bowles, Ken Chenault, Susan Desmond-Hellmann, Reed Hastings, Sheryl Sandberg, Peter Thiel and Mark Zuckerberg. The qualifications of each proposed director are set forth in the proxy statement. No other director nominees have been properly submitted for election pursuant to our bylaws or SEC rules. Therefore, no other nominations maybe accepted at this time. The Board of Directors recommends a vote for the election of each of the nominated directors.The second item of business is to ratify the…Thank you, miss. We’re actually not doing question-and-answer right now.I understand, but if you can please sit down, we’re actually going to run through the proposals and the proponents for each proposal, so I can make statements right now.There will be a Q&A session at the end…I understand but we haven’t structured the meeting that way. If you could please sit down.We’ve structured the meeting to run through each of the proposals, and we also want to give each of the shareholder proponents the time to speak. There will be a Q&A session at the end after Mark makes his remarks, and we’ll have management on the stage. And we do welcome everyone to ask questions or make statements at that time.The second item of business is to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. The Board of Directors recommends a vote for this proposal. Finally, we have received six stockholder proposals that comply with requirements from our bylaws and SEC rules, and therefore, are eligible to be voted on at this meeting.The Board of Directors recommends a vote against each of proposals three through eight. Each stockholder proponent may now make a statement in support of their proposal. I will call you up one-by-one to one of the microphones. Please limit your statements to no more than three minutes. First, for proposal three which is a proposal regarding a change in stockholder voting, Christine Jantz, will be speaking on behalf of NorthStar Asset Management. Ms. Jantz.Good morning. My name is Christine Jantz from NorthStar Asset Management of Boston, beneficial owner of $37,758 shares of Facebook common stock. Fellow shareholders, I am here to represent resolution number three, a good governance proposal about equal voting rights. This proposal has never been as crucial as this year, given the highly concerning issues that Company is currently facing. As shareholders we do not like reading news that states, Facebook believes that the data of up to 87 million people was improperly shared with a political consultancy Cambridge Analytica. So if, privacy is a human right as stated by Microsoft CEO and we contend Facebook's poor stewardship of customer data is tantamount to a human rights violation.We must remember that as of last week, the EU General Data Protection Regulation went into effect, which will clearly affect Facebook's business in Europe. Government regulation is necessary, but it is not sufficient when management fails. Facebook’s management and board have consistently minimized our inputs as shareholders by reducing our voting rights. The Cambridge Analytica’s scandal is an egregious example of when a board is formed by a CEO to meet his needs, primarily insiders or other affiliated people rather than truly independent directors who'll provide proper management oversight to protect shareholder investments given the existing share structure, the current status of shareholders outrage against the Company board could have no corrective action.Despite the fact that board member Peter Thiel is directly connected to Cambridge Analytica, it's mathematically impossible for non-insider shareholders to vote down Mr. Thiel’s nomination. Shareholders cannot even assume that management will take action when it's even overwhelmingly high vote by others and insiders against the management proposal or our board member as evidenced by our Company's attempt to create a third class of stock despite outsider common shareholders stood against it in 2016.Soon you will hear a shareholder proposal about risk-oversight committee, an issue that is clearly vital to our Company right now. But even if every single outside shareholder votes in favor of that proposal, it will still fail if Mr. Zuckerberg votes against it. We hurt vital impacts for our Company we are facing right now with a situation for which Facebook clearly does not have the expertise to manage. Yet if these crucial governance proposals fail, shareholders will have no assurance that management will be held accountable or the critical issues will be addressed. My firm and our colleagues have been bringing this issue to Facebook shareholders for years and clearly the recent scandals exemplify the need for the shareholder rights overhaul. Shareholders, we urge you to vote for proxy item number three.Thank you. Next for proposal four, which is proposal regarding a risk oversight committee William Lana will be speaking on behalf of Trillium Asset Management. Mr. Lana?Good morning, Mr. Chairman, members of the Board, fellow shareholders. My name is Will Lana, and I am here on behalf of Trillium Asset Management and Park Foundation to hereby move item number four, seeking a report of discussing the merits of establishing a risk oversight board committee. Facebook had benefit from putting into place a board committee structure to meet the unique challenges and demands it faces. It is not necessary or helpful to read off a list of controversies facing Facebook. We all know what that list looks like.We've identified at least 15 distinct controversies. Suffice to say the list is long and the list is serious. Accordingly, the risks that the company and its shareholders face are profound and real. It is evident to us that Facebook's piggybacking of risk oversight onto the audit committee, no matter how well utilized, is not up to the task. The purpose of the audit committee is to focus on financial reporting processes, not on big picture risk oversight. The Board's statement on the proposal says the audit committee has, the appropriate time and resources to oversee risk exposure. But we must ask ourselves if the audit committee does have the time and resources to oversee these issues, why is the list of controversies confronting Facebook so long and so serious. The proof of the current structure’s inadequacy is on display in the daily headline.It's worth noting that the lack of a board risk committee is just one of several signs that risk oversight is downplayed on Facebook's Board. For example, conspicuously absent from lengthy corporate governance guidelines published to Facebook's Web site is any mention of risk. The Board bios or the directors also do not mention risk nor does any director have explicit risk management expertise.Being put forth today is a common sense fix to prioritize risk, an approach the conference board and Harvard Law School Forum generally consider good governance. ISS, the proxy advisor service recommending a vote in favor of item four calls our request reasonable, acknowledging the sheer volume of Facebook controversies and observing that, shareholders would benefit for more information about proactive steps the Board is taking to reform its risk management process to ensure the Company is proactively assessing and mitigating risks.I think it is apparent to everyone that 2018 is a pivotal year for Facebook. Considerable money and resources have been diverted to multiple efforts that address a problem. This is all well and good. But to be effective, these reactive measures must be paired with the proactive improvement to Facebook’s fundamental risks oversight. Let us not miss this opportunity to make a simple yet a powerful change that will go a long way towards laying a foundation for a successful future, successful future not only for the Company and shareholders, but for Facebook’s users and communities around the world.Thank you for your time and attention, and for your support of item four.Thank you. Next for proposal five, a proposal regarding a simple majority vote, [James McRitchie] will be speaking on behalf of the proposal.There’s majority requirements are used to block initiatives supported by most shareholders but opposed by Board seeking entrenchment. Most S&P 500 and even S&P 1500 companies have no super majority requirements. Mark Zuckerberg and associates own 89% of Class B shares, or 60% of total voting power. However, provision of the charter specifies that when Class B common shares represent less than a majority of total voting power, bylaw will still require at least two-thirds of the voting power of the Company. Therefore, even if those shares are sold off or converted, as requested by NorthStar’s proposal number 3, majority of vote requirements could still impede shareholder action. A simple majority standard will give shareholders an equal and fair representation in the Company by limiting the power of shareholders who own a large stake.Facebook is clearly a trend setting company with tremendous influence over our nation as evidenced by the most recent presidential election. While our country being increasingly headquartered to corporate dictatorships, will corporate dictatorships support a strong democratic government in here in these United States of America, will they continue to see short-term power and profit for the few at the expense of conditions that favor the long-term broader interest of all those shareholders and users.Our shareholders -- our shares are voted today at Facebook on NorthStar’s proposal number three to recapitalize the Company and our proposal number five to move to a simple majority vote could send a clear message. Even if votes were strictly tied its economic stake, Mr. Zuckerberg and other Class B shareholders would still wield considerable power.Turning around corporate governance that Facebook could dramatically enhance the reputation of our company and Mr. Zuckerberg, as well as providing a higher profitability that cumbersome regulation could be minimized. George Washington was encouraged to continue as present for life, but stepped down for the good of the country. Mr. Zuckerberg, take a page from history, emulate George Washington not Vladimir Putin. Vote for proposal number three and five make Facebook more democratic and accountable.Thank you. Next for proposal six, a proposal regarding a content governance report Natasha Lamb will speak on behalf of Arjuna Capital. Ms. Lamb.Good morning. Thank you. I just want to note that I think it was inappropriate the women who spoke originally Ms. Lindsay was her microphone was taken away, and she was escorted out the meeting. I don’t think she was that disruptive. My name is Natasha Lamb. I am here to move proposal number six on behalf of Arjuna Capital and co-filers, including the New York State Common Retirement Fund and Illinois State Treasurer. We’re asking our Company to publish a report on corporate content governance.From political subterfuge, fake news, hate speech and sexual harassments, it is clear that content that violates Facebook's own terms of service poses a risk to the Company's market value and brand. Last year at this meeting, we highlighted the risk proposed by fake news propagated over the platform. And while our Board opposed reporting, we learned six months later and only through congressional testimony that 126 million Americans may have viewed Russian propaganda prior to the 2016 U.S. presidential election.Four months later, we learned that 87 million Americans data was compromised by Cambridge Analytica with the intent to manipulate users for political gain. In the wake of that scandal, Facebook's market value dropped nearly $100 billion. And while today's proposal is broader, I'm surprised to see a similar reaction from our board; a recommendation to vote against greater transparency and accountability to investors; signs and regulation by government; lost advertising revenue and a solid brand may further impact investment returns. In fact, users may leave the social media platform if they feel its content lacked integrity.A recent poll indicates fewer than half of Americans trust Facebook to obey U.S. privacy laws, and proxy advisor IFF has noted, the Company's failure to protect its users’ privacy has eroded the level of trust among users, calling into question the Company's business model and its governance.Turning to the era of me too and times up. Facebook has not adequately addressed the role of social media in perpetuating sexual-harassment. According to few eight and 10 young women believe online sexual-harassment is a major problem, and Facebook's platform has been criticized for sexual harassment policies that fail to protect women.Facebook's ability to proactively assess its content governance, reporting mechanism and enforcement capabilities, will inform how successfully the social platform will navigate a complex landscape. Yet, disclosures have been inadequate and content policies reactive not proactive. In a recent interview, Mr. Zuckerberg admitted, frankly, we didn't spend enough time investing in or thinking through some of the downside uses of the tools. Today, we are asking for a more forward-looking, transparent and accountable approach.Thank you. And for proposal seven, a proposal regarding median pay by gender, Ms. Lamb will again be speaking on behalf of Arjuna Capital.Again my name is Natasha Lamb, and I move proposal number seven on behalf of Arjuna Capital and Baldwin Brothers Inc. asking for a report on gender pay equity. This is the third year this proposal has gone to a vote, yet reporting remains limited to qualitative assurances rather than the qualitative approach adopted by peers. In Arjuna Capital’s recent gender pay discloser score card, Facebook earned a failing grade across nine metrics. The median income for women working full time in the United States is 80% of that earned by men, a gap that is not expected to close for 40-years.Of note, the gap for African-American and Latino women is wider at 60% and 55%, respectively. Gender and intersecting ratio pay in equity represents a structural barrier to diverse leadership, posing a risk to Company’s performance and investor returns. Of particular note, United Kingdom now mandates disclosure of median gender pay gap. In the U.S., investor engagement has thus far led to disclosures not on median pay, but statistically adjusted equal pay for equal work numbers assessing the pay of men and women performing similar job.Facebook says they pay men and women fairly on this basis. But unlike peered, they do so in the absence of quantitative backing. And while U.S. peers have taken a good first step towards disclosure, the equal pay for equal work number alone fails to address how discrimination affects differences in opportunity, i.e., it does not reflects the bias in the jobs women hold. The median pay gap reflects a structural deficit when men hold the majority of higher paying jobs.Facebook published and reported the median pay gap for its United Kingdom operations is -- that it’s near 10%, but it has not published the global median pay gap requested by today’s proposal. PayScale reports Facebook has a median pay gap of 18% over $20,000. Top proxy advisor Institutional Shareholder Services recommend support for this proposal noting, the equal pay for equal work statistics does not address the recoded systemic bias that is resulted in the low number of women compared to none employed at the company, particularly the low number of women compared to none in technical and senior leaderships roles, which tend to have higher pay.A vote for this resolution is wanted by reporting gender pay down statistics. Similarly as is required to do in the UK, Facebook could provide shareholders with the better gauge of how its diversity initiatives are improving opportunities for women. Our Company is best served by a proactive approach to address the structural bias, quantitative reporting and goals to close the median gender pay gap. Thank you.Thank you. Finally our proposal eight, a proposal regarding tax principles, Gary Coleman, will be speaking on behalf of the AFL-CIO Reserve Fund. Mr. CActually, it’s Richard presenting, but I am here to present on item eight on behalf of the AFL-CIO. A proposal request that the Board articulate a set of responsible global tax principles that ensure that the Company pay taxes where value is actually created, ensure that these tax principles are aligned with Facebook’s stated goals regarding sustainability and consider the economic and reputational impact of Facebook’s global tax strategies.The Company’s stated principles complying with existing tax law is noble, but a commitment to legal compliance alone is clearly not enough to ensure that the Company’s tax principles are aligned with the desired sustainability and transparency goals, nor has it resulted in tax practices that do not cause reputational harm to the Company. The Company has already been caught up in multinational tax scandals in the UK and the U.S., and is investing significant time and resources into a legal battle with the IRF.In fact, Facebook's has already acknowledged that it could owe somewhere between $3 billion and $5 billion in additional taxes. Scandal is not good for the Company's bottom line. Trying to increase profit through tax avoidance strategies provide an inaccurate picture of the Company's financial performance, and doesn’t make-up for the reputational damage and lawsuits resulting from the scandal. Growth in new membership and engagement are currently expected to decline, the loss of young users in recent years and loss of U.S. users’ trust and following the Cambridge Analytica scandal, has been widely covered in the media.Another tax scandal could result in even greater losses of users and reputation, which reduce the attractiveness of the platform to advertisers. The Company is almost sole source of revenue. The tax avoiding strategies used by Facebook and other companies have attracted attention from governments and policymakers here and in Europe who face rising public pressure to end such practices. As tax law change and enforcement increases, the possibility of large fine and interest payments may also increase. A set of responsible tax principles will help the Board more easily adapt strategies as all s change, avoiding or limiting fines and interest payment and putting the Company ahead of the curve by reducing uncertainty caused by changes in tax laws and enforcements.Corporate tax avoidance has resulted in the loss of tens of billions of dollars from U.S. revenue and across countries around the world, which has devastating impact in many communities. Facebook is about building and connecting communities. Shouldn’t its tax practices contribute to that goal? We urge you to vote in favor of this.Thank you for your statements. The Company will not be providing statements at this meeting as the Company's position on each proposal has already been set forth in the proxy statement. We’ll now be collecting any remaining ballots. Please raise your ballots, and a volunteer will come around to collect them. I'll just take a minute or two, or second or two to collect the ballots. One over there, I think one more.Okay, all votes have been cast on the proposals to be considered at this meeting. And as of 11:28, the polls are now closed. I will now confer with Inspector of Election and report on the preliminary results of the voting.So based on this preliminary report from the Inspector of Election, the vote required to approve proposal one is a plurality of the voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock voting it together single class. And again based on the results tabulated on a preliminary fashion by the Inspector of Election, each of the eight nominees has been elected to the Board of Directors. The vote required to approve proposals two through eight is majority of the voting power of the Class A and Class B common stock voting together as a single class. In each case, properly cast for or against the proposal.Based on the preliminary results tabulated by the Inspector of Election, proposal two has been approved by at least the requisite majority of the votes cast. And proposals three through eight have been rejected by at least the requisite majority of the votes cast. Final results of the voting will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on a Form 8-K within four business days. There are no other items of business on the agenda, so this concludes the formal part of our meeting. The Annual Meeting is now adjourned.Now, before I ask Mark to come to the stage, I want to remind you that Mark's remarks and the Q&A that follows may contain forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future financial performance of the Company. We caution you to consider the important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements. These risk factors are more fully detailed under the caption risk factors in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 26th, 2018. In addition, any forward looking statements that we make today are based on assumptions as of this date, and we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. Mark?Al right, thanks for all coming out. How're you doing this morning? So this is -- a lot has happened since the last year we were here, and we faced a number of important issues that I want to get through in just a minute. But before talking about that, despite the important issues that we face, our community and our business continue to grow really well. Now more than 2.2 billion people use Facebook every month around the world. More than 1.4 billion people use Facebook every day, and that doesn’t even include the work that we're doing with WhatsApp and Instagram, as well on top of that. In addition, the business continues to grow in Q1. The business grew by about 49% in revenue to more than $12 billion in revenue. So that shows a lot of good continued momentum, and that we're continuing to serve a lot of businesses around the world well.Now, when I think about where we are now as a Company, the big theme that we're focused on is making sure that we take a broader view of our responsibility to everyone we serve; the people in our community, the businesses we serve, the communities around us. And when I look back at the Company's focus for the last decade or so, we've often focused on all the good that connecting people and technology can bring, and there's a lot. But as these services have grown around the world, people have gotten powerful new tools to stay connected with people they care about. In terrible situations like Hurricane Harvey, people were able to come together and raise tens of millions of dollars for the relief efforts and to help the fellow people in their community.And one of the things that we're most proud of is that there're more than 70 million small businesses around the world who use our tools to grow and to create jobs. And in polls that we've done, more than half of folks have told us that they’re hiring more people, because of their use of Facebook’s tools. So that's all good. But at the same time, I think it's also clear that over the last several years, we didn't do enough to be proactive in looking at how people could try to abuse these tools as well. And that goes for a lot of the things that we've all been reading about and thinking about, whether that's fake news or interference in elections, or having apps developers making sure that they don't misuse people's information in ways that people don't want.So the main thing that we need to do right now is make sure that we take a broader view of what our responsibility is to our community, not just reacting when issues come up but being more proactive about going out and making sure that there’s less bad content in the system, making sure that it's harder for any nations states interfere in anyone else’s election, and making sure that all of the app developers who sing up to use our system are getting reviewed before their apps go live and that we’re more proactively auditing more of the work to make sure that all the people in our system are doing good work. So that's what we're going to do.And we have dramatically increased the investments that we’re making in security and these different kinds of investments. So much so that we expect that the dramatic increase in security investments is going to affect our profitability, going forward. But we believe that that is the right thing to do for our community, and will serve both our community and our business that are over the long-term. So we feel good about that and feel like that is clearly the right thing to do.I will walk through for a couple of minutes some of the specific things that we’re doing to be more proactive. On the content side, where whether we’re talking about issues like fake news or hate speech, or governments trying to interfere elections, the roadmap is to just being more proactive in reviewing the content. So instead of -- what we've done historically if people share what they want and then people can, if you seen something bad and on the service you flag it and we look at it reactively, we’re now investing lot more in building AI tools to go out and be able to proactively find problematic content. And one of the areas that we’re very proud of is that, if you take terrorist content, for example, 99% of the ISIS and Al Qaeda-related content that we take down is flagged by our AI systems now before any person in our community gets to it and flag it for us. So we think that it’s possible to have that good result across a boarder number of areas as well.We, by the end of this year, are going to have more than 20,000 people at the Company working on security and content review, and we’re rolling out other kinds of tools, like the terrorist related tool that I just mentioned, to make sure that it's harder to spread fake news and for governments to interfere as well. And in rolling those out, we've already started to see better results in different elections, including the French presidential elections, the German election, the Alabama special election in the last year, where we've been able to take on tens of thousands of fake accounts back could have been trying to do sketchy things.In addition to being more proactive about governing and managing the content, we’re also very focused on being more transparent. So that way, we can -- on a regular cadence, be reporting to the world on the types of bad content that we're finding, whether it's violent content or hate speech, or fake accounts. We started rolling out these transparency reports, including one in the last month that just highlighted the dramatic increase of attempts that we're seeing to create fake accounts on the service. In the last quarter alone, we took on more than 500 million fake accounts that were created, mostly the vast majority of which within minutes of being created, or during the process to create them. So it's a big effort that we need to do push on that and make sure that that the community stays safe and that we can keep people safe.But we think that working on transparency is going to be a good way to have people in the community judge our progress towards this and hold us accountable for what we're doing. We also thank that transparency is going to be helpful for holding advertisers and other folks in our ecosystem accountable too. So one of the things that we’re doing, especially on the political side to make sure that people aren’t trying to advertising elections in ways that violate the law or our community standard. We’re going to make it so that here, now every person who’s trying to advertise and run political ads, their issue ads needs to be verified, or if you’re running a big page that has a lot of followers, you will need to have your identity verified by sharing with us a government ID, so that we know that you’re not a fake account who’s trying to spread bad content.So those transparency efforts -- verifying and making sure that the ad, content that people run that now anyone can go look at all the ads that a page running, those steps are going to make it harder for bad actors in the system to interfere or spread bad content. And we think that that’s going to have a very positive effect in making our service better for people who use it and having a broader and more positive impact on society overall.So I want to make sure I hit those points upfront, because that’s so important and there’s so much of what we’re focused on now. And I’m happy to take more questions on that when we go to Q&A in a minute. But before we do that, I also want to talk about some of the things that we’re doing to keep building going forward. Because right now, I feel like our biggest responsibility of keeping people safe and addressing some of these issues, but we also have a responsibility to keep building new ways for people to connect in new meaningful ways. I mean that’s what people ultimately rely on us for and why they come to our services and the unique value that we provide. And we need to make sure that we keep doing that too.So we’re doing that across all the apps and things that we’re building. In Facebook, for the apps, the main focus is on helping people connect more in their friends and family and building communities. We change the way the newsfeed works to highlight more friends and family content, and prioritize interactions and conversations rather than just passively consuming viral videos and content that can take a lot of your time. We’re focused on building communities and helping people find communities on Facebook that are going to be meaningful for that, whether that a group for new parents or people who might share disease that you have or some other interest you have, whether that’s around volunteering or coming together in some way. A lot of the groups that people join on Facebook are a lot of people tell us that some of the most meaningful parts of their experience there.But Instagram, a lot of the focus is on helping people capture any moment that they want. Stories on Instagram is growing incredibly quickly, it’s been extremely successful. We think that there is a huge opportunity to continue growing that new format for the sharing video and photos throughout your day. And in general, that’s going really well. WhatsApp that around the world, it is just -- it continues to grow extremely quickly. Between WhatsApp and Messenger, our two messaging services, people now send almost 100 billion messages every day. So that is dramatically bigger than the global volume of SMS. People love the security and the encryption on WhatsApp. People really like the features and the ability to share in rich ways on Messenger. And we’re going to keep building those out as well.And while we focus on messaging, a big part of the trend that we’re seeing is that people don’t just like text to each other, they really like video chat. That’s I think a really important trend for the future that across WhatsApp and Messenger and our Instagram we’re rolling that out too. It’s going to be billions of minutes every day people are going to be able to not just call someone and hear their voice but be able to see the person that they’re talking to. And I don’t know about you guys and how you’ve used this, but I don’t know when I’m traveling, it just makes a huge difference to me to be able to see my kids when I call home at night and that just makes a big difference to me. And we hear similar feedback from a lot of people around the world who use this.So I want to make sure we have enough time to get to Q&A. So I’m going to wrap-up. But it is really important time for our community and our business and for the Company. We face a number of important issues. We're going to make sure that we take a broader view of our responsibility and more proactive approach to manage and making sure that the content and apps developers who’re interacting in the community are abiding by our standards.And at the same time, we also feel a responsibility to keep building the next generation of new experiences that are going to help us all connect in meaningful new ways. And that's going to be the plan for next period of time. And I thank you all for being our shareholders and supporting us, and being along for this journey to do something that I think is really important in the world. So thank you.Thanks Mark. I'd now like to invite Sheryl Sandberg, our COO; Dave Wehner, our CFO; and Elliot Schrage, our VP of Communications and Policy, to join Mark and answer some questions. We'll now open the floor for questions from the audience. We anticipate taking questions until approximately 12:15, so we can answer as many questions as possible. We request that you ask only one question and limit your question to no more than one minute. If you have a question please line up behind one of the microphones, two sets of microphones here. If you can't get to a mic, please raise your hand and someone will bring one to you. As stated in the rules of conduct, stockholders should not address the meeting until they're recognized. All right. Let's take the first question from Reverend Jackie.